"If anything John likes me the least, or the most."
"If tree gave me a job to water it everyday and would pay me for it, I would take that job."
"you need some essential oils, I dont know why they are essential coz all olives are essential"
"They made these genres of music, rock, metal, why not iron, wood, stone?" 
"You joking me? I will not accept this rejection!"
"Let's leave John to his natural habitant"
"I only know like 5 muscles, forearm... Wait that's just my arm"
"1 foot is 30 cms? oh fuck that's big"
"I know how big a footlong is I can see my foot"
"We dont deal with problems, problems deal with us."
"as soon as I find a job I can take a holiday"
"I don't think I could ever get burnout from work. I do get burnout from sleep" 
"out of engineering I was like a fresh piece of bread. So fresh I was ready to be eaten"
"I just want to be the value of e"
“Chickens have bigger roads to drive on in Pakistan than the roads here”
"I have nothing against old people, i know a lot of old people"
"When you have a shower your hair is the best but then when the hair dries it's the worst, it's like your soul dries"
"If I was me, I would have added him"
"Our team is pretty strong, definitely in the top 5"
"How can tiger do meow meow it's not even a cat?"
"I am from the flat area"
"Beautiful piece of kitten"
"I didn't want to touch that guy yesterday, he looked scary, too professional"
"I swalloed by misatke the tablet for my thorat and now my belly feels cold"
"Education is the right of every cat"
"give a man a function he will use it once, teach a man how to write functions he can write a lot of them and use them"
"How do I configure my pet? I want my pet"
"I came to this hell and now I'm a part of this fire"
"actual, but spell it wrong. can i ask you to spell actual but spell it wrong? for me? don't spell it right."
"that John, sneaky goddamn ninja"
"I've been playing and fighting with pandas but they're too fat so I can't fight them"
"Everything seems very mini-projectable"
"I like all nuts"
"oh my god. Imagine having a birthday on 9/11"
"You don't want to go there, it's just water, it's on water"
"Birmingham are boiled rice, and we are chicken biriyani"
"Don't google anything for training. All training is cancerous training"
"I am bob"
"I dont want to play horror movies"
"dont be your team brown-sauce"
"They can't eat us with a camera, can they?"
"I was a bit fatter, i looked circular"
"If I was alive I would have sensed the aroma of you two"
"Of course you cannot see, you don't have glasses on your eyes"
"I love working on other people's codes"
"I've got questions after questions"
"I have a question"
"I have another question"
"I'm a good judge, I'm very judge-able"
"The hair are taking the brain cells from my brain so maybe i should shave them off"
"now you're not afraid of code, the code is afraid of you"
"I have an idea on how to draw Bradley"
"I wish I had a big box of legos, so that I can hide under the chair and emerge as lego-man"
"you might get those errors but they might be scared of me"
"Apple builds a wall around you and inside it there is a beautiful garden where you can see all the apples but you cannot see anything outside"
"why is my code not working, i know it's right on my heart"
"you must have seen this, unless you haven't"
"How can you not know this, its red!"
"Everyone get better, that's how you get better"
"I don't want to read everything. It's too much."
"I'm grateful for my parents... a bit"
"Snow is like a cat"
"I know religion, I've seen movies"